.\" libxbee - a C library to aid the use of Digi's XBee wireless modules
.\"           running in API mode (AP=2).
.\" 
.\" Copyright (C) 2009  Attie Grande (attie@attie.co.uk)
.\" 
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH XBEE_CONNEW 3  02-Mar-2012 "GNU" "Linux Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
xbee_conNew, xbee_conValidate, xbee_conEnd
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <xbee.h>
.sp
.BI "xbee_err xbee_conNew(struct xbee *" xbee ", struct xbee_con **" retCon ", const char *" type ", struct xbee_conAddress *" address ");"
.sp
.BI "xbee_err xbee_conValidate(struct xbee_con *" con ");"
.sp
.BI "xbee_err xbee_conEnd(struct xbee_con *" con ");"
.ad b
.SH DESCRIPTION
.sp
.BR xbee_conNew ()
will create new connection via the given libxbee instance
.IR xbee .
The new connection will be returned via
.IR retCon ,
and the connection's type is provided by
.IR type .
A list of avaliable connection types can be obtained by using
.BR xbee_conGetTypes (3).
The
.I address
indicates which remote device you wish to communicate with - it is not always appropriate to use this (e.g: with a "Local AT" connection), in which case
.B NULL
may be safely provided.
.sp
.BR xbee_conValidate ()
allows you to confirm that your handle points to a valid libxbee connection.
.sp
.BR xbee_conEnd ()
will terminate a connection, and free any memory that is associated with it, including any un-fetched packets.
If a callback is active when
.BR xbee_conEnd ()
is called, it will be permitted to complete, and then the connection will be terminated.
.SS Avaliable Types
.B xbee1
.in +4n
"Modem Status"
.sp 0
"Transmit Status"
.sp 0
"Local AT"
.sp 0
"Remote AT"
.sp 0
"16-bit Data"
.sp 0
"64-bit Data"
.sp 0
"16-bit I/O"
.sp 0
"64-bit I/O"
.fi
.in
.sp
.B xbee2
.in +4n
"Modem Status"
.sp 0
"Transmit Status"
.sp 0
"Local AT"
.sp 0
"Remote AT"
.sp 0
"Data"
.sp 0
"Data (explicit)"
.sp 0
"I/O"
.sp 0
"Identify"
.fi
.in
.B net
.in +4n
the connection types for
.B net
mode are determined by the mode running on the server.
.SS Return Value
On success these functions will return XBEE_ENONE, otherwise an error number from
.IR "enum xbee_errors" " (as specified in " <xbee.h> ).
Postponed termination due to an active callback is considered a success.
.SH EXAMPLE
.in +4n
.nf
#include <xbee.h>

struct xbee *xbee;
struct xbee_con *con;
struct xbee_conAddress address;

/* initialize xbee, using xbee_setup() */

memset(&address, 0, sizeof(address));
address.addr64_enabled = 1;
address.addr64[0] = 0x00;
address.addr64[1] = 0x13;
address.addr64[2] = 0xA2;
address.addr64[3] = 0x00;
address.addr64[4] = 0x40;
address.addr64[5] = 0x08;
address.addr64[6] = 0x18;
address.addr64[7] = 0x26;

if (xbee_conNew(xbee, &con, "64-bit Data", &address) != XBEE_ENONE) return;

/* make use of the connection... */

if (xbee_conEnd(con) != XBEE_ENONE) return;
.fi
.in
.SH AUTHOR
Attie Grande <attie@attie.co.uk> 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR libxbee (3),
.BR xbee_setup (3),
.BR xbee_conGetTypes (3),
.BR xbee_conTx (3),
.BR xbee_conRx (3),
.BR xbee_conSleepGet (3),
.BR xbee_conDataGet (3),
.BR xbee_conInfoGet (3),
.BR xbee_conCallbackGet (3),
.BR xbee_conSettings (3)
