.\" libxbee - a C library to aid the use of Digi's XBee wireless modules
.\"           running in API mode.
.\" 
.\" Copyright (C) 2009 onwards  Attie Grande (attie@attie.co.uk)
.\" 
.\" libxbee is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
.\" under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" libxbee is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
.\" GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
.\" along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH XBEE_INIT 3  18-Feb-2016 "GNU" "Linux Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
xbee_init, xbee_fini
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <xbee.h>
.sp
.BI "void xbee_init(void);"
.sp 0
.BI "void xbee_fini(void);"
.ad b
.SH DESCRIPTION
.sp
The functions
.BR xbee_init "() and " xbee_fini "()"
are used to manually setup and teardown libxbee.
These functions should be used with care, and in conjunction with the
.BR XBEE_MANUAL_INIT " and " XBEE_MANUAL_FINI
compile options.
.sp
You must call
.BR xbee_init ()
once before calling on any other libxbee functionality.
.sp
Similarly, you must only call
.BR xbee_fini ()
after all instances of libxbee have been terminated.
.sp
Calling
.BR xbee_init ()
multiple times will result in undefined behavior.
.SH AUTHOR
Attie Grande <attie@attie.co.uk> 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR libxbee (3),
.BR xbee_setup (3),
